Update Agentic Memory LLM information (#10895)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/api/agentic-memory-apis/create-memory-container.md

### LLM 

Currently, the Agentic Memory feature supports only the Anthropic Claude model for LLM capabilities. This feature will reach General Availability (GA) in OpenSearch 3.3, expanding support to additional LLM providers, including OpenAI.

> To register a Claude model, send the following request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To register an Anthropic Claude model, send the following request:
```
